NA	Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
NA	Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
NA	Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
NA	Its a part of checking IQ
NA	Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
NA	Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
NA	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a £1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066364589
NA	Today is "song dedicated day.." Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
NA	Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or £1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ
NA	Did you hear about the new "Divorce Barbie"? It comes with all of Ken's stuff!
NA	I plane to give on this month end.
NA	Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
NA	Finished class where are you.
NA	HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING? XX
NA	K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
NA	U can call me now...
NA	I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
NA	Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
NA	I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
NA	Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
NA	Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
NA	Sorry, I'll call later
NA	K. Did you call me just now ah? 
NA	Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
NA	You will be in the place of that man
NA	Yup next stop.
NA	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
NA	For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
NA	Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
NA	I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
NA	Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
NA	Yeah do! Don‘t stand to close tho- you‘ll catch something!
NA	Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry. 
NA	Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
NA	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
NA	Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
NA	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password "MIX" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML, PO Box 5249, MK17 92H. 450Ppw 16
NA	Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
NA	i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay
NA	Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?"
NA	I see a cup of coffee animation
NA	Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
NA	Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
NA	I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
NA	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
NA	wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
NA	Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
NA	Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
NA	Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
NA	How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
NA	I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
NA	Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
NA	What is the plural of the noun research?
NA	Going for dinner.msg you after.
NA	I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
NA	GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
NA	Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
NA	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
NA	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+) 
NA	Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed! 
NA	Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
NA	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
NA	URGENT! Your Mobile No. was awarded £2000 Bonus Caller Prize on 5/9/03 This is our final try to contact U! Call from Landline 09064019788 BOX42WR29C, 150PPM
NA	here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
NA	Todays Voda numbers ending 7548 are selected to receive a $350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 4041 standard rates app
NA	I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
NA	Ü predict wat time ü'll finish buying?
NA	Good stuff, will do.
NA	Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
NA	Are you there in room.
NA	HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
NA	K..k:)how much does it cost?
NA	I'm home.
NA	Dear, will call Tmorrow.pls accomodate.
NA	First answer my question.
NA	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
NA	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network bt Txting GRAVEL to 69888! Nt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
NA	I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
NA	He is there. You call and meet him
NA	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
NA	You'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 If u get nothing u must Age Verify with yr network & try again
NA	Got c... I lazy to type... I forgot ü in lect... I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
NA	K, text me when you're on the way
NA	Sir, Waiting for your mail.
NA	A swt thought: "Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons.." Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8
NA	I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
NA	Yes see ya not on the dot
NA	Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
NA	FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
NA	Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
NA	K..i deleted my contact that why?
NA	Sindu got job in birla soft ..
NA	The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
NA	Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
NA	Ok... Ur typical reply...
NA	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
NA	You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
NA	Aaooooright are you at work?
NA	I'm leaving my house now...